README.md, before:

Android Resource Generator
===============

Automatic resource exporter plugin for android projects: generating density specific drawables from PDF files and styles from [TrueColors](https://github.com/vokal/TrueColors-OSX/blob/master/README.md) files.

# Setup

## If using Artifactory:
~~~gradle
buildscript {
    repositories {
        maven {
            url 'http://vokal-repo.ngrok.com/artifactory/repo'
            credentials {
                username = "${artifactory_user}"
                password = "${artifactory_password}"
            }
        }
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:1.2.3'
        classpath 'io.vokal.gradle:resgen:0.4.0'
    }
}
~~~

## If using precompiled JAR:
~~~gradle
buildscript {
    repositories {
        …
        maven { url 'http://repository.apache.org/content/groups/snapshots/' }
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:1.2.3'
        classpath files('libs/resgen-0.4.0.jar')
        classpath 'org.apache.pdfbox:pdfbox:2.0.0-SNAPSHOT'
    }
}

~~~

## Common:
~~~gradle
apply plugin: 'com.android.application'
apply plugin: 'io.vokal.resgen'

android {
   …
}

resgen {
   densities "hdpi", "xhdpi", "xxhdpi" // default: ["mdpi", "hdpi", "xhdpi", "xxhdpi", "xxxhdpi"]

   // optional parameters
   jpeg "bg_*", "exact_filename" // may contain wildcards (* or ?) or regex
   jpegQuality 80 // default is 85 if only jpeg patterns specified
}
~~~
Where densities are in the set: `["ldpi", "mdpi", "hdpi", "xhdpi", "xxhdpi", "xxxhdpi"]`

# Usage
- Place PDF assets and .truecolors file in `/main/src/res-gen` folder.
- …
- Profit

If you have alternative resources for different configurations (language, orientation, smallest width) you can nest the structure in `res-gen` folder:
~~~
res-gen/
    en/
        port/
            background.pdf
        land/
            background.pdf
    es/
        port/
            background.pdf
        land/
            background.pdf
~~~
You must follow the [Qualifier name rules](http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/resources/providing-resources.html#QualifierRules) and order the nesting as Android expects. *(currently only accepts qualifiers listed before density (dpi) in the table)*

Drawables are generated from PDF files as part of the build process or can be generated manually with gradle task `generateResFiles`.
Generated drawables can be cleared out by the `clearResCache` task. The `clean` task also depends on this task.
Drawables will be re-generated automatically if a newer PDF is found in the `res-gen` folder.

True Colors files will create colors, dimens, strings and styles defining the fonts in the .truecolors file.  It will copy the fonts to the `fonts` folder in assets.  The styles have the `fontName` attribute which is the default used by [Calligraphy](https://github.com/chrisjenx/Calligraphy/blob/master/README.md#getting-started).  Setting up your Activity to wrap the base Context and using the styles in your xml layouts is all you should need to do by default.

The project will build normally and assets will resolve correctly but to have Android Studio find the generated resources for use in the Layout Editor, add this near the bottom of the `android` closure (below `buildTypes`):
~~~gradle
android {
    buildTypes {
        release {
            …
        }
    }
    
    sourceSets.main.res.srcDir 'src/main/.res-gen'
}
~~~

*NOTE: flavor folders can have their own `res-gen` folder and will create resources specific to that flavor. You would need to setup the `res.srcDir` addition in the flavor block for Android Studio to pick them up properly*

Commit message:

launcherIcon option for mipmap folder

README.md, after:

Android Resource Generator
===============

Automatic resource exporter plugin for android projects: generating density specific drawables from PDF files and styles from [TrueColors](https://github.com/vokal/TrueColors-OSX/blob/master/README.md) files.

# Setup

## If using Artifactory:
~~~gradle
buildscript {
    repositories {
        maven {
            url 'http://vokal-repo.ngrok.com/artifactory/repo'
            credentials {
                username = "${artifactory_user}"
                password = "${artifactory_password}"
            }
        }
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:1.2.3'
        classpath 'io.vokal.gradle:resgen:0.4.0'
    }
}
~~~

## If using precompiled JAR:
~~~gradle
buildscript {
    repositories {
        …
        maven { url 'http://repository.apache.org/content/groups/snapshots/' }
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:1.2.3'
        classpath files('libs/resgen-0.4.0.jar')
        classpath 'org.apache.pdfbox:pdfbox:2.0.0-SNAPSHOT'
    }
}

~~~

## Common:
~~~gradle
apply plugin: 'com.android.application'
apply plugin: 'io.vokal.resgen'

android {
   …
}

resgen {
   densities "hdpi", "xhdpi", "xxhdpi" // default: ["mdpi", "hdpi", "xhdpi", "xxhdpi", "xxxhdpi"]

   // optional parameters
   jpeg "bg_*", "exact_filename" // may contain wildcards (* or ?) or regex
   jpegQuality 80 // default is 85 if only jpeg patterns specified
   launcherIcon "ic_launcher" // exact name of app icon to be put in mipmap folders
}
~~~
Where densities are in the set: `["ldpi", "mdpi", "hdpi", "xhdpi", "xxhdpi", "xxxhdpi"]`

# Usage
- Place PDF assets and .truecolors file in `/main/src/res-gen` folder.
- …
- Profit

If you have alternative resources for different configurations (language, orientation, smallest width) you can nest the structure in `res-gen` folder:
~~~
res-gen/
    en/
        port/
            background.pdf
        land/
            background.pdf
    es/
        port/
            background.pdf
        land/
            background.pdf
~~~
You must follow the [Qualifier name rules](http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/resources/providing-resources.html#QualifierRules) and order the nesting as Android expects. *(currently only accepts qualifiers listed before density (dpi) in the table)*

Drawables are generated from PDF files as part of the build process or can be generated manually with gradle task `generateResFiles`.
Generated drawables can be cleared out by the `clearResCache` task. The `clean` task also depends on this task.
Drawables will be re-generated automatically if a newer PDF is found in the `res-gen` folder.

True Colors files will create colors, dimens, strings and styles defining the fonts in the .truecolors file.  It will copy the fonts to the `fonts` folder in assets.  The styles have the `fontName` attribute which is the default used by [Calligraphy](https://github.com/chrisjenx/Calligraphy/blob/master/README.md#getting-started).  Setting up your Activity to wrap the base Context and using the styles in your xml layouts is all you should need to do by default.

The project will build normally and assets will resolve correctly but to have Android Studio find the generated resources for use in the Layout Editor, add this near the bottom of the `android` closure (below `buildTypes`):
~~~gradle
android {
    buildTypes {
        release {
            …
        }
    }
    
    sourceSets.main.res.srcDir 'src/main/.res-gen'
}
~~~

*NOTE: flavor folders can have their own `res-gen` folder and will create resources specific to that flavor. You would need to setup the `res.srcDir` addition in the flavor block for Android Studio to pick them up properly*
